[back](./)

# How do I get it for my Slack?

you can:

1. deploy the latest release from the AWS Serverless Application Repository 

2. clone the Number6 repository or a fork of it and 

- deploy a stand alone version from the command line to your AWS account

  or

- deploy a CD pipeline that is triggered by a GitHub web hook. 

  - This requires 2 accounts
  - a "test" account to build the application on each push and a "production" account to deploy the new version to. 
  - the 2 accounts can have different Slack channels to post their reports back to
  - The deployment to the prod account is a manual accept/reject step.

## AWS Serverless Application Repository

This is simply a case of going to the SAR in the console (make sure you're using the intended account and in the intended region) and finding Number6 (you'll need to check the `Show apps that create custom IAM roles or resource policies` option for Number6 to show up) and choosing to deploy it. 

### 1. save OAuth token

You will need to manually store your Slack app's oauth token in AWS Secrets Manager first:

- in the AWS console go to AWS Secrets Manager and click `store a new secret`
- choose the `other types of secret` radio button
- select the `plaintext` tab
- the secret value is the oauth token generated by Slack [when you created your app](./what_do_i_need.md), delete anything in the box that's pregenerated by the AWS console (any JSON formatting etc) and paste the token in
- leave the encryption key as default, select next
- the secret name can be anything you like but it will be a parameter to Number6 so something short and descriptive is advisable, `no6/slack`is a good choice.
- Click next, review the details and click 'store'

### 2. deploy from SAR

You'll need to supply the following parameters in the console before it will let you deploy:

- **Application Name** - this will default to Number6 if you leave it but you can call it anything you like
- **SlackChannel** - this is the Slack id of the channel that Number6 will post back to ([what do I need](./what_do_i_need.md))
- **BlacklistedChannels** - this is a single CSV string of channel names (not ids e.g. `meta,announcements,trumptweets`) that shouldn't be analysed by Number6
  - This is useful if you have channels with just bot traffic or something similar where it doesn't make sense to perform any sentiment analysis. 
  - You'll probably want to include Number6's output channel name in this.
- **SlackTokenSecretName** - the is the name used to store the Slack oauth token in AWS Secrets Manager that you created earlier
- **EnvType** - this must be either `prod` or `test`, creating a `prod` stack will run Number6 at 1am every day analysing the previous day's messages. If you create a `test` stack then it will only ever run when manually triggered and analyse the messages from whatever date you give it

[back](./)